who knew that turtles were disposable or
the parents recycled
get ready cats because now it's your
turn this cat has no reason to fear his
evil twin just told him there's a juicy
Mouse in the basement wait evil twin
it's a trap
[Music]
this dog is forced to share his lollipop
with a monkey and when it comes time for
the monkey to give back remember sharing
is caring unless you're a monkey then
all bets are off we just went through
the drive-up window what did we get
Cooper Daisy no Cooper that Daisy has
some
[Music]
no Daisy gets hers first
- Daisy get hers first was Cooper it is
too fast okay daddy
come into the car you're gonna have to
never ever trust a lion lady Kayla Cindy
okay that's enough Safari
[Music]